vgscan, vgchange: add page (#6128)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/vgscan.md

# vgscan

> Scan for volume groups on all supported Logical Volume Manager (LVM) block devices.

> > See also `lvm`, `vgchange`.

Author: I've cross referenced vgchange because together they address the use case:
1. add a disk formatted for LVM to a running system that doesn't get identified by udev
2. run vgscan to determine the name of the volume_group(s) it contains
3. run vgchange to activate one or more volume group so the logical volume can be accessed

> > See also `lvm`, `vgchange`.

Author: Is there anything else for me to do here?

> > See also `lvm`, `vgchange`.

Reviewer: No, thanks. I just forgot to resolve the conversation.

> More information: <https://manned.org/vgscan>.

- Scan for volume groups and print information about each group found:

> `sudo vgscan`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`vgscan`
```

Reviewer 2: should sudo be used, even if its needed by the command

Author: @CleanMachine1, I was following point 2 in the guidelines:

`
When in doubt, keep new command-line users in mind. Err on the side of clarity rather than terseness. For example, commands that require sudo should include it directly in the examples.
`

Reviewer 3: If numbers is what you want @CleanMachine1, try searching 😆
```console
❯ rg '^`sudo ' | wc -l
     849

Reviewer 2: I did actually search some results using VSCode since it has a nice little word search thing in its replace tool

Reviewer 2: I was going to mention it but other things are inconsistent for example

 `tldr dd`

dd needs root to copy from things like block devices.

Reviewer 3: `dd` could and should be updated.

- Scan for volume groups and add or remove the special files in `/dev` needed to access the logical volumes in a group:

> `sudo vgscan --mknodes`

Reviewer: So does it add or remove files? Or does that depend on the conext? And since you said `in a group`, does that mean it only does this for one group? If yes, wouldn't you have to specify its name?

Author: It is supposed to do both depending on context. I've only verified the addition. How about if I change the example description to:

```suggestion
- Scan for volume groups and add, if they don't already exist, the special files in `/dev` needed to access the logical volumes in the found groups:

Reviewer: Sounds better, however I'm not sure about the grammar here. @bl-ue?

Reviewer 3: Yep that's perfectly good grammar, but it might be confusing to non-native speakers. How about moving `if they don't already exist` to the end, @aherst?
```suggestion
- Scan for volume groups and add the special files in `/dev` needed to access the logical volumes in the found groups, if they don't already exist:

`sudo vgscan --mknodes`
```

Reviewer: Much better

Author: I want to make sure it's clear that the clause applies to "files" and not to "groups". How about:

```suggestion
- Scan for volume groups and add the special files in `/dev`, if they don't already exist, needed to access the logical volumes in the found groups :

Reviewer 3: sgtm
